add dz60 v2 support (#15746)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/dztech/dz60/readme.md

* Hardware Supported: DZ60 60% Mechanical Keyboard PCB
* Hardware Availability: [KBDfans](https://kbdfans.com/collections/60/products/dz60-60-pcb)

> There are two versions of the DZ60RGB-ANSI. Please use the appropriate firmware for your board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two versions of the DZ60 PCB. Please use the appropriate firmware for your board.
```

You may also add a note that DZ60RGB is a completely different board… but that probably won't help anyway.

* V1: 1.6mm thickness PCB;
* V2: 1.2mm thickness PCB

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make dz60/v1:default
>     make dz60/v2:default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    make dztech/dz60/v1:default
    make dztech/dz60/v2:default
```
